https://codepen.io/emily-briaguez/pen/NWbpGWv?editors=1100
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? It's building block of a website; it's a markup language
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is inside a tag and defines the character of an element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is the most important h# tag used to state the title of a website
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes <p> <a>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <head>
    7. What is an id? it identifies an html
    8. What elements can I add an id to? inside a tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once
    10. What is a class? its to identify the tag attached to it on CSS
    11. What elements can I add a class to? tags
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as many times needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? <a href="">
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?  for accessibility for the impair
    15. How do I reference an id? on CSS, use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div div groups block elements while sections create independent sections on a website
    17. What is CSS used for? to style your html 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page on CSS, you would just type h2 {...} and it should effect all h2
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one an ID is specific to one tag while class can style multiple 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .classname
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? it selects all direct child of that element 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div.sidebar {..}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword added to a selector that creates a special state of the chose element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? uppercase:, lowercase:, capitalize:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: dotted black 1px;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? command a 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* ...*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd pwd on terminal and you wouldn't want to mess up your computer by accidentally deleting files you don't know 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? file delete
    34. Why should I use version control? tracks your changes
    35. How often should I commit to github? everytime you make changes in your repository
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. %git clone, %code ., git add . (or file name), %git commit -m 'my message', %git push -u origin textfilename